
Assignment1 | input output instructions

Write a program to print Hello Students on the screen.
Write a program to print Hello on the first line and Students on the second line
Write a program to print "MySirG" on the screen Remember MySirG is double quotes.
Write a program to print \n on the screen
Write a program to print \r on the screen 
Write a program to print "Teacher's Day" on the screen. (Remember to print single and double quotes)
Write a program to calculate sum of two integers. Numbers are taken from the user through the keyboard.
Write a program to calculate area of rectangle. Input appropriate data from the user.
WAP to find the area of circle. Take radius of circle from user as input.

Assignment2 | printf() and scanf()

WAP to calculate average of three integers. Numbers are given by the user.
WAP to calculate circumference of a circle.
WAP to calculate simple interest.
WAP to calculate volume of a cuboid.
Write a program to ask user about the cost of price and selling price banana per dozen. calculate the profit or loss earned upon 25 selling bananas.

Assignment3 | printf() and scanf()

WAP to input a character from the user and print its ASCII code.
WAP to input a ASCII code from the user and print its corresponding character.
WAP to input three characters from the user and display characters with their corresponding ASCII codes.
Write a program to print last digit of a given number.
WAP to print a given number without its last digit.


Assignment4 | Operators in C Language

WAP to calculate size of a character constant.
WAP to calculate size of a real constant.
WAP with one character type variable. Assign 'A' in the variable. Now change the value of variable from 'A' to 'B' using increment operator.
WAP to swap values of two int variables.
WAP to swap values of two int variables without using third variable.
WAP to swap values of two int variables without using third variable and + - operators.
WAP to swap values of two int variables without using third variable and arithmetic operators
WAP to swap values of two int variables in a single line arithmetic expression.

Assignment5 | More on operators in C Language

WAP to input a three digit number and display the sum of three digits.
WAP to find the ASCII code of the character '+'.
WAP to print size of an int, a float, a char and a double type variable. 
WAP to make the last digit of a number stored in a variable as zero. (Example - if x=2345 then make it x=2340)
WAP to input a number from the user and also input a digit. Append a digit in the number and print the resulting number.(Example - number=234 and digit=9 then resulting number is 2349)
WAP to delete a digit in a number. (Example - number=2345 and digit=3 then resulting number is 245)
WAP to input a three digit number and rotate its digits by one position towards right.
WAP to input a three digit number and rotate its digits by one position towards left.

Assignment6 | More on operators in C Language

Assume price of 1 USD is INR 84.23. WAP to take the amount in INR from the user and convert it into USD.
WAP to input a three digit number and rotate its digits by one position towards right.
what will be the value stored in the variable 'x' after execution of the following code snippet? 
x=10>8>4;
what will be the value stored in the variable 'x' after execution of the following code snippet? 
x=!2>-2;
what will be the value stored in the variable 'x' after execution of the following code snippet? 
x=3<0&&5>0;

Assignment7 | Decision Control Statements

WAP to check whether a given number is positive or negative.
WAP to check whether a given number is divisible of 5  or not.
WAP to check whether a given number is an even or odd.
WAP to check whether a given number is an even or an odd number without using % operator.
WAP to check whether a given number is an even or an odd number without using bitwise operator.


Assignment8 | Decision Control Statements

WAP to check whether a given number is a three digit number or not.
WAP to print greater between two numbers. Print one number if both are same.
Write a program to check whether roots of a given quadratic equation are real & distinct, real & equal or imaginary roots.
WAP to check whether a given year is a leap year or not.
WAP to print greatest among three given numbers. Print number once if the greatest number appears two or three times.


Assignment9 | Decision Control Statements

WAP which takes the cost price and selling price of a product from the user. Now calculate and print the profit and loss percentage.
WAP to take marks of 5 subjects from the user. Assume given marks out of 100 and passing marks is 33.Now display whether the candidate passed 
the examination or failed.
WAP to check whether a given alphabet is uppercase or lowercase.
WAP to check whether a given number is divisible by 3 and divisible by 2.
WAP to check whether a given number is divisible by 7 or divisible by 3.


Assignment10 | More on Decision Control Statements

WAP to check whether a given number is positive,negative or zero.
WAP to check whether a given character is an alphabet(uppercase), an alphabet(lowercase), a digit or a special character.
WAP to which takes the length of the triangle as an input. Display whether the triangle is valid or not.
WAP which takes the month number as an input and display number of days in that month.


Assignment11 | Iterative Control Statements

WAP to print "MySirG" 5 times on the screen
WAP to print the first 10 natural numbers.
WAP to print the first 10 natural numbers in reverse order.
WAP to print the first 10 odd natural numbers.
WAP to print the first 10 odd natural numbers in reverse order.
WAP to print the first 10 even natural numbers.
WAP to print the first 10 even natural numbers in reverse order.
WAP to print  squares of the first 10 natural numbers.
WAP to print cubes of the first 10 natural numbers.
WAP to print the table of 5.

Assignment12 | While loop

WAP to print "MySirG" N times on the screen
WAP to print the first N natural numbers.
WAP to print the first N natural numbers in reverse order.
WAP to print the first N odd natural numbers.
WAP to print the first N odd natural numbers in reverse order.
WAP to print the first N even natural numbers.
WAP to print the first N even natural numbers in reverse order.
WAP to print  squares of the first N natural numbers.
WAP to print cubes of the first N natural numbers.
WAP to print the table of N.

Assignment13 | Use any loop

WAP to calculate sum of first N natural numbers.
WAP to calculate sum of first N odd natural numbers.
WAP to calculate sum of first N even natural numbers.
WAP to calculates sum of squares of first N natural numbers.
WAP to calculates sum of cubes of first N natural numbers.

Assignment14 | Use any loop

WAP to calculate the factorial of a number.
WAP to count digits in a given number. 
WAP to check whether a given number is prime or not.
WAP to calculate the LCM of two numbers.
WAP to reverse a given number.

Assignment15 | Level up with loops

WAP to print all prime numbers under 100.
WAP to print all prime numbers between given numbers.
WAP to print next prime number of a given number.
WAP to calculate HCF of given two numbers.
WAP to check whether two given numbers are co-prime or not.

Assignment16 | Level up with loops

WAP to find the nth term of the fibonacci series.
WAP to print first nth terms of the fibonacci series.
WAP to check whether a given number is there in the fibonacci series or not.
WAP to check whether a given number is Armstrong or not.
WAP to print all Armstrong number under 1000.


Assignment17 | Star Patterns Problems





